c:\users\adriano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationWs\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.exe.config
c:\users\adriano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationWs\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.exe
c:\users\adriano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationWs\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.pdb
c:\users\adriano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationWs\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.xml
c:\users\adriano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationWs\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adriano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationWs\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.Resources.resources
c:\users\adriano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationWs\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\adriano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationWs\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.exe
c:\users\adriano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationWs\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.xml
c:\users\adriano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationWs\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.pdb
C:\temp\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.exe.config
C:\temp\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.exe
C:\temp\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.xml
C:\temp\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.pdb
C:\temp\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.exe
C:\temp\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.pdb
C:\temp\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.xml
C:\temp\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\temp\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.Resources.resources
C:\temp\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\adriano\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.exe.config
C:\Users\adriano\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.exe
C:\Users\adriano\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.xml
C:\Users\adriano\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.pdb
C:\Users\adriano\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.exe
C:\Users\adriano\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.pdb
C:\Users\adriano\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.xml
C:\Users\adriano\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\adriano\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.Resources.resources
C:\Users\adriano\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Testes\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.exe.config
C:\Testes\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.exe
C:\Testes\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.xml
C:\Testes\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.pdb
C:\Testes\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.exe
C:\Testes\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.pdb
C:\Testes\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.xml
C:\Testes\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Testes\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.Resources.resources
C:\Testes\ConsoleApplicationVB\ConsoleApplicationWs\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplicationWs.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
